Carlos, in the business world
we always work on the vision and
mission, because I think we all
have very clear that any company
has to be clear, being redundant,
where it wants to get, which
is the vision.
However, on a personal level,
people usually don't do it
and go forward, but to what
life brings.
So, I would love you to
share with us the methodology
of the airport test
so that we can do that, to identify
each of our students who
do the reflection where
they want to get.
And I think this analysis is very
beneficial because it will help
us, when you have clear where
you want to get, it is easier for
you to make decisions or do
what is necessary to get there,
it is easier for you to face the
obstacles you will find,
it is much easier to make
the necessary efforts.
It's like the old saying in
Alice in Wonderland, that if
you don't know where
you're going, it doesn't matter
what path you take.
So, really, I've been concerned
about investigating what
tools can be applied in the
day-to-day, that a normal person
like you and I can use
them to precisely define
that vision that helps
us know what we want to
do in life.
And I found an exercise called the
airport test, which really originates
from a gentleman who lives
in San Diego, California, who
is called Pat Flynn, who has
written a book called Will It Fly,
but now we're going to talk
about the book, let's talk
in particular about the exercise
of the airport test.
And this airport test is really
a letter to the lower kings, that
is, what do I want to be as
a major?
Not so big, but what do
I want in five years?
And the subject is that first of
all I have to define in what
areas I want to visualize that
future that I want to when seeing.
What I am going to propose is to
travel five years in the future
and for example there are four
areas that are usually very important
for all people but each can choose
what they want, for example
family, as I want to see from
here to five years in everything
that has to do with family
topics, for example work
or business, professional field.
There's another big block that could
be money, my finances, what do I
want to do?
That doesn't have to be
related to working with business
but let's say my relationship
with money, how do I want
to be financially?
And then the fourth pillar
that people normally look at in
this test is health.
It would be family, work, business, money
and health.
But there are people who may
be interested in
spirituality or music or travel.
Everyone can choose the
areas they prefer.
I prefer to focus on four because
so the exercise say we can
concentrate on these four
areas.
Really the exercise consists in that
on a sheet of paper to be possible
in a handwritten way because what
we write by hand, that I already
see you are doing, in those four
areas we be able to describe
with the greatest level of detail
possible how we would like to
be within five years.
To really visualize this well,
I will give an example.
I will put the example that Pat
Flynn himself writes in his book
because it seems very illustrative
and even though our life is different
from his it gives us a pattern
to be able to do this exercise.
I did it at home, of course.
I have made my wife do it too and
then we did a joint exercise
because there were things we shared
in our vision that also help say to
relate the relationship of a partner
and there are others that do not,
which is good because they have
generated up to some discussion.
Of course, if they were, I'm thinking
in the case of a marriage, if they
were, if the plans are absolutely
different there's a problem.
There is a problem, indeed, but
the sooner it flows out the better.
We are not responsible
for the divorce of one of our
students.
But to see, this exercise that
can be done in pair for the family
topic, above all, can also
be shared with colleagues
or within a company with your
own boss to see if there
is really a shared vision
or with partners, partners,
partners, working teams.
I think the exercise
is quite powerful.
The first thing you need to do
is those areas, those areas in
which you want to do that vision,
family, work, business,
money, health or any other.
We fill the sheet and then we need to
fill the sheet.
So, I'll give an example of how
the sheet is filled.
For example, Pat Flynn, in the
family environment, says April,
who is his wife, and I have
been married for 11 years
and we are still madly in love.
That is in five years.
Now they have six and in five years
they will have eleven.
I go with April every day to
take and pick up the kids to school.
That is, it's something he wants to
do inside, you see within five
years doing it.
Children are happy,
healthy and want to
learn on their own.
I cooked and ceded in family
virtually every day of the week.
He is designing his life.
What life do you want in a family
in five years?
Every two months we go on vacation.
They are shorter during
school and longer during summer.
We are open and sincere with
each other in family, even
when we are angry.
April and I trust our children
and that they make wise decisions
to a healthy and
happy life.
I am 100% mentally present with
my family when I am with them.
So that.
And my kids are very interested
in entrepreneurship and learning
to launch their own exercises.
I've made the subject familiar
with important things that's not
to copy what Padfling has done.
Everyone has to know what we
want to and it depends on the
family moment.
Inspire, help not to face a blank
sheet, as we always say, when you
read what others have put, because
you already know a little how
to describe it.
He is writing, he is actually
writing his life in five
years.
That is, that is.
I will give you a professional
example, which I think illustrates
us a lot too.
Look at the workplace, how it
looks in five years.
I continue to earn income as
a lecturer, because I started
a career as a lecturer.
Once a month I travel to different
parts of the world to talk to small
and large audiences about business
and entrepreneurship.
I have written many books, including
a best seller, according to the
New York Times.
A goal is set.
I am a consultant to a dozen companies
and organizations whose products
and services I have used fascinated
for a long time.
I have founded a non-profit organization
that helps teach children the principles
of entrepreneurship, while
also strengthening the bonds
between children and their
parents.
I absolutely love what I do in my
work, including the most challenging
and difficult parts.
I organize a monthly meeting
in San Diego, where anyone
can join.
We eat together, talk about entrepreneurship
and answer your questions.
My schedule is very flexible.
I can take a day off when I want
to or go on vacation when I want
with my family.
Every time I check my email,
I get dozens of thank
you messages from the people
I reached.
I am still ethical in my business.
This is the most important for me.
I have not sold myself or moved to
the dark side.
Find out what your vision is
for the next five years.
Everyone can have,
obviously he is an entrepreneur,
has his own business, has
his activity as a lecturer
and has a mission he has
defined to help others to
undertake, etc.
But he is defining this area.
I don't know if you want to share
the other two, which is
equally interesting for us.
Some kind of pin.
Look at it, look at it.
For example in money.
In money says my family home
is fully paid and I have zero
debts.
The goal of those five years.
Per some have to see it further
away from time, but I have three
real estate properties
that produce me income
without I having to deal
with them.
I have a fund to cover my
children's university studies.
Every year I can contribute
significantly to a pension
savings fund.
I make hundreds of thousands
of dollars a year to organizations
I choose to help.
My wife and I never talked about
money.
What a fun.
Our children are not paid,
they earn money doing their
duties and show good behavior.
Our children understand that they
lose money by contributing to a bunch
of complaints every time they complain
about something before trying
to resolve it.
That is good practice.
We have a reserve fund that covers
all of our expenses for two
years and we spend the money
with head and never just because
we can do it.
However, we do not have to pick
up the budget if we want to spend
on something, on some capricho
that we want to give.
This is how he wants to look
in the future in terms
of money and finance.
It seems to me, obviously, Pat Klimp's
life is not the life of the vast majority
of people, among other things, because
he has been able to put this
kind of methodology into practice.
If you don't dream about it, you
may or may not, but if you don't
dream about it, you won't
ever get it.
He is clear that he dreams about it
and also does everything possible to it.
I think the recommendation
is that all students
already do the exercise.
So is it.
Identify the areas, family, work,
money, health and if there is any
other area that is important to them,
I don't know, it's a sport you
practice, some hobby you have,
etc., and describe in the greatest
detail possible how you want
your life from those perspectives
in five years.
Because it will inspire them, it will
motivate them and surely things arise
in which we all realized we want
it to be so, but we are not doing
anything to make it happen.
So is it.
That is the first step.
You are right because the way
to improve is, first, to know
what goal you want to
and then start taking steps
every day toward achieving
that goal.
Unfortunately, we always
overestimate what we can
in the short term, in a week,
in two weeks, in a month,
and underestimate what
we can in a year or five
years.
And here we have the map to be able
to get it, that is, it is
a very good advice to have the
map clear and the steps we have
to take to get it.
I would recommend that, in addition,
this map, this photo finished, be
always present.
As you said, you have to
take steps every day.
every day.
We need to be clear every
day where we want to go.
The ideal thing is that you have it
even on your desk or in a place
where you can see it every day at
your office, if you have a
desk at home or at work and you have
it, have it present or on your
computer.
Because you take a look at it every
day and don't forget that those
lagoons are what you want to
get at five years' sight.